[Specs] Push Subscribe, Push Update and Notification Types (#574)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/specs/clients/push/push-subscription.md

# Push Subscription

A Push subscription is an agreement between a dapp and a wallet to receive future push notifications.

A Wallet user will be able to authorize a dapp by sending an authenticated payload with a corresponding identity key and dapp url as described by [Push authentication](./push-authentication.md)

> There is however two flows to creating a push subscription:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are however two flows for creating a push subscription:
```

1. a subscription is proposed by the dapp and approved by the wallet
2. a subscription is subscribed by the wallet and sent to the dapp

## Push Proposal

> To learn more about the push proposal flow please vist [Push Proposal](./push-proposal.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about the push proposal flow please visit [Push Proposal](./push-proposal.md)
```

## Push Subscribe

> To learn more about the push subscribe flow please vist [Push Subscribe](./push-subscribe.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about the push subscribe flow please visit [Push Subscribe](./push-subscribe.md)
```
